{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f144\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f147\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f148\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f149\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title DISTRIBUTION LIABILITY STATEMENT}
{\author Eugene Brynowsky}{\operator Eugene Brynowsky}{\creatim\yr1998\mo11\dy24\hr14\min16}{\revtim\yr1998\mo11\dy24\hr14\min16}{\printim\yr1998\mo11\dy24\hr14\min16}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company Minnesota Planning}
{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid DISTRIBUTION LIABILITY STATEMENT
\par \pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid For data delivered on-line or by physical media by
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 The Land Management Information Center, MN Planning
\par November 1998
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid Limitations
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid Although extensive effort has been made to produce error free and complete data, all geograph
ic information has limitations due to the scale, resolution, date and interpretation of the original source materials.  You should consult available data documentation (metadata) for these particular data to determine their limitations and the precision t
o which they depict distance, direction, location or other geographic characteristics.  These data may be subject to periodic change without prior notification.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid No Warranty
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid These data are provided \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  without any warranty whatsoever, including but not
 limited to any warranty as to their performance, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid Liability
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid The entire risk as to the results of the use of these data is assumed by the user. LMIC is not responsible for any interpretation or conclu
sions based on these data made by those who acquire or use it. LMIC shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, compensatory or consequential damages or third party claims resulting from the use of these data, even if LMIC has been 
advised of the possibility of such potential loss or damage.  In States that do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, you may not use these data.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid Redistribution Conditions
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid In obtaining these data from LMIC, it is und
erstood that you and/or your organization have the right to use them for any internal purpose. If you modify them, you should document those changes in a metadata record that should accompany all redistributed data.  If you transmit or provide these data 
in any form to another user, the data MUST be accompanied by a copy of this disclaimer and all documentation provided with the original data set including the full metadata record.
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\cgrid Data Delivered on Electronic Media
\par \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f15\cgrid If these data have been requested from L
MIC on magnetic media, CD-ROM or any other physical media, LMIC will deliver this product in the computer-readable format agreed upon with the requestor.  LMIC will re-issue these data if they are determined unreadable by correctly adjusted computer input
 devices, or when the medium is delivered in a damaged condition.  Requests for re-issue of this digital data product must be made within 30 days of the date shipped from LMIC.
\par }